hello in this video I'm going to show
you how to add a contact to the Nokia
Lumia 920 and windows phone 8 devices
now from the Nokia home screen and the
windows phone 8 home screen you have a
tile called people now I would normally
in each of these little reptiles square
sorry I would normally have a face of
one of my contacts however I don't have
any contacts right now so I'm going to
go ahead and add my first contact so
let's tap people then hit the plus icon
at the bottom of the display now first
of all at the very top we can add a
photo so if you've got a picture all
you're with them now so you could shoot
a picture add photo I can choose one
from my camera roll or I could take one
if yours next to them let's just go back
and add their important information so
first of all name so I'm going to say
test and surname is test obviously you
wouldn't write test you'd ride that
first name in a surname company so they
are from let's just say company one you
don't have to type in company and you
don't have to type in the middle name or
nickname or anything like that some
people are happy with first name number
I go with first name surname and then
phone number however you can if you want
go through and be really detailed middle
name and let's just say Barry because
it's a cooling nickname how about Baz
short for Barry title so he's a mr. as a
go ahead and add a suffix I'm gonna go
ahead and save that information by
tapping that floppy disk icon just to
the bottom next to the X obviously the X
would do me everything so we've now got
a name for mr. Barry let's add a number
so adding a number tap that enter the
phone number songs can go 1 11 11 11 11
11 I'm happy with that number so what
phone type is up
is that a company phone is a work phone
or work secondary phone go ahead choose
it i'm going to leave it on mobile i'm
going to save it exactly the same way as
I did before so now I've got a mobile
number as well let's add an email
address so let's go to email and type in
Barry at Google sorry that's going to be
an appt Barry @ gmail.com email address
say that's his personal email address
that saved up we can have a customized
ringtone for Barry so I could choose a
totally different ringtone or I could
just keep it as my default berries no
one special so I'm going to keep it a
default let's go back I can also then go
ahead and add other information for
example i can add his address website
birthday some general notes about Barry
for example if he owes me something i
could put what he owes me on notes i can
put job title and really go into detail
now once Barry has been added I'm going
to go ahead and save the information
exactly how i did before then going back
to the home screen tap in people we have
missed a test test who is actually very
that's how to add a contact on the Nokia
Lumia 920 and Windows Phone 8